I Disagree that I see myself as anxious, easily upset. I Neither Agree nor disagree that I see myself as reserved, quiet. I Disagree that I see myself as quarrelsome. I Agree that I fear losing control and going crazy. I Agree that I feel numbness or tingling sensations. I Neither Agree nor disagree that I feel afraid. I Agree that I start sweating and trembling. I Neither Agree nor disagree that I am unable to relax. I Strongly agree that I feel someone's choking me. I Strongly agree that I have difficulty sleeping. I Strongly agree that I feel that I am going to faint. I Strongly agree that I am unable to stop thinking about my problems. I Strongly agree that I am bored most of the time. I Strongly agree that I feel worthless and useless. I Strongly agree that I think I am a failure. I Strongly agree that It is hard for me to concentrate on reading. I Strongly agree that The pleasure and joy has gone out of my life. I Strongly agree that I am recovering from my illness. I Strongly agree that It takes great effort for me to simple things. I Strongly agree that I feel that I am a guilty person who deserves to be punished. I Strongly agree that I spend time thinking about how I might kill myself. I Strongly agree that I feel trapped or caught. I Strongly agree that There have been times when I have felt both high (elated) and low (depressed) at the same time. I Strongly agree that At times I am greatly interested in being with people and at other times I just want to be left alone with my thoughts. I Agree that If something goes wrong or turns out badly, it's not my fault. I Disagree that I hear or see things that others do not hear or see. I Strongly agree that I believe that others control what I think and feel. I Neither Agree nor disagree that I have magical powers that nobody else has or can explain. I Neither Agree nor disagree that I can't trust what I'm thinking because I don't know if it's real or not. I Disagree that I talk to another person or other people inside my head that nobody else can hear. 