The doctor says that i will recover soon. I am also thinkingthe same. Yesterday, I was feeling a bit stressed out but after having my medicine today, it is better. I want to get well sonn and go to my family. My wife and son are waiting for me. I will take the medicines as prescribed and will not deviate from what is planned for me. My nurse is very friendly. She is making sure that I get best treatment and recover soon. I feel a it disturbed at times but that will also go away son. God, help me to become better. I think so that is enough for today. Let me see how my treatment proceeds. Everything will be good amen.

I am hearing and seeing things. the doctor not believing me. I feel scared. God will punish me for this. That shadow behind the door will kill me. What to do?? I need a new doctor. i need someone to save me. God why this happening. Save me i will behave good but takethat shadow away. Iam scared I need my mother save me!save me!
I am going mad. I need to see new doctor. My wife will die, I want to save her. This world will end. There is nothing that can save us. WHy are you talking to me? I don't want you. Get lost you filth. There is no place for you in heaven. Christ will not have mercy ony ou. Blessed the angel, bless the christ !!will you rot in fire. Save me from this depth of hell. This nurse is not good she is demon. She is waitingto sacrifice me and please satan. Satan has chose me to be the scarifice. Has redemption come. Is this revelation?? Protect me from them have mercy on me and hell for them!!  

Last night I heard my mom say she wishes maybe, I had cancer or something, instead of what I got is my bipolar. That really made me sad and made me mad! When I finally asked my mom, “why,” she said, “If only you had cancer or lymphoma or something like that. Everyone would understand, everyone would feel sorry… That would be so much easier than bipolar!” She told me I would have a greater chance of being cured and of living, of not dying. She said I’d have fun with all the flowers, balloons, toys, and special snacks! She said important people like rappers and athletes might even help me, might even do fun things for me! And if I shaved my head bald, no one would make fun, they would even say, “that’s cool.” Mom says then, insurance would cover more, and people would maybe even help me with money, if we needed it… Instead, nobody wants to give anything nice or pay any attention to a “bad” kid like me.
I’m just a waste. Is it my fault? My mom’s? My dad’s? But my doctor says I can help myself some. And my family. There are things I can do, to help my BP. So, I don’t feel all that bad. I just need people to care, too. Not just to be “sick” of my “sickness.” I want to be “normal”! I want to be well! I want to be good! I want to try! I will! But, please, please, help me and care for me, too, even if I don’t have cancer!

I am going home in 5 days. My treatment has seen ups and downs. SOmetimes the doctor did not pretend as good. He was irritated at times with my behavior and the nurses also were fed up of me. But it was not my mistake always. I had catheter inside and going to the wash room was difficult for me. So should the nurses get angry at me for that? BUt I am recovering and that matters. I have stopped listening to voices. Bipolar disorder seems at control. This is indeed great sign but I still feel nervous at times. Should I tell the doctor about this. He will tell me to stay for some more time but I want to go home early. BUt then I won't be 100 cent well. This is eating me but tomorrow I will tell Susan. She always has a solution for something. Everyone has bad and good times. How will I pay the rent after this hospital expense? MAry will have to go back to teaching again, and it shall take me fewmonths to recoer before I can join work. Lots of questions, there will be a solution for something. God I need a solution
