It is a little after 11:00am and Alaska and I just got back to our room.  By the way, after last night we requested to move to another room so we switched to a room two to three doors away from our previous room.  Alaska and I got back from morning stretches where we did not do much.  The teacher was pretty mean and Alaska thinks that it makes sense because the woman is white – they white nurses here tend to be mean.  In the class we did stretches that I did when I was in my pre-school yoga class.  The language that came out of these girl’s mouths are the only difference between then and now.  They are so impolite and they curse at the teachers.  While we were in morning stretches the fire alarm went off at least eight times, and the alarm is not like the school alarms when we have fire drills.  The alarm is like the loud scream in movies when you see people holding their ears and falling down.  After last night I thought that hell had broken loose.

I just got back from meeting with my mom.  She got me a muffin and hot chocolate with whipped cream from our favorite, usual Sunday morning breakfast diner.  I miss home so much!  I told her about last night and she agrees that it was weird and scary.  I called daddy and he cried.  He told me that he was sorry and that he cries every night.  Even though he came yesterday, mom says that he is not mentally ready to see me again.  When you get visitors all of the patients and their visitors sit around a table and talk.  Every kid gets food because the food here is horrible.  I got another letter from Ethan today.  I put them on my desk so that my room is not barren.  This letter was written on our Christmas card.  I think that we have gotten closer since I got in here.  I finally realize how much I care about him.  I know that I was considering boarding school before but now I realize that I am too young to leave my family.  I am only thirteen and I have five years to grow up and be with my family.  After those five years I will be ready to leave but right now I am content to stay with my family.
After that we went for drama therapy which actually has nothing to do with drama.  In there we discussed words like peer-pressure and love which caused us to bring up personal stories.  Some were about respect and beating people up and others were about bullying – it seems like most everyone here has been bullied.  There was this one girl who is thirteen and has a daughter that is two years old.  She came here for anger management.  I cannot believe I thought my life was bad.  These people have such stressful lives.  Even the two boys from last night shared.  People have been rude to them and one takes drugs and smokes.  He was the one who lived next door.

I am so bored.   I have been stuck in this room for at least three hours.  I finished my Percy Jackson book (one of my favorites from home) and I tried doing Sudoku, which I stopped doing after it became too difficult.  I cannot wait until the social worker comes tomorrow so that they can see that I am better.  Then I can leave.  The problem is that the desks that they have here match the furniture at me newly done country house (we had to redo it because it flooded).  In fact, I was actually thinking of getting the wooden desk but in white!  That is not going to happen now.  So now I am just being a bored person waiting poisonous dinner to be served.  I did yoga on their napkins they call towels, paced, etc. and now I have been staring out of the window.  By the way, the Empire State Building is green and orange but the orange looks like brown because of the bars on the windows.  It is weird because I still do not feel like am in a mental institution.  I cannot admit to myself that I am in my worst nightmare…