I got to the hospital at around 11:30 this morning and wasbrought to CPEP.  At CPEP they took my vitals and talked to both my parents and I about my depression.  I think that, by itself, took about four hours so by the time I was taken into the back room (the observation room) it was about 3:30pm.
They made me change into a weird hospital blue button up top and pants that could fit four of me in them.  After, they stuck me in a small room with two beds and an old fashioned TV.  I was stuck in there with nothing but water, bread, and some salad as company.  The only time I made contact with humans was when they came to take my vitals.
At around 7pm, when I was about to die of boredom, they put me in a wheelchair (apparently it is mandatory for a patient to be in a wheelchair) and took me upstairs.  When I got to the 21 West mental institution for kids 11-15, they took my vitals and put me in a prison box that they call my room.  There is nothing on the walls, two beds, and the smallest bathroom which smelled like a sewer (sadly I know what a sewer smells like).
After being awkward in my room for about twenty minutes, where I tried to gain the courage to meet the others, I left the cell and went to see After Earth – which was being projected – with my fellow inmates.
About ten minutes to the end of the movie my new roommate, Alaska, came in.  Once the movie was over, she took me back to the cell and gave me the down low on the place.  To get out you have to be nice to everyone (ok), behave (ok), and not make friends (ok…wait what?!?).
I found out that she is on here because she tried to kill herself in school.  She is really nice and we get along well.  I guess something good might come out of this 

Oh my god!  So my day started at 6am when they woke me up to take my vitals.  Why would they take my vitals that early in the morning?!?  After that they told Alaska and I to go to sleep…how do you do that?  Well, after I fell asleep they woke me up at 8am to have a blood test…then told me to go back to sleep.  By that point I was wide awake and I stared at the white ceiling until Alaska woke up.  When she woke up we got our breakfast treys and brought them to our room.  Once we were done we went to the main room where the TV was on and we drew.  At 12:15 my parents came and I cried.  I miss them so much and it kills me that I am not allowed to leave this floor.  In fact, there are times when you cannot even leave your room!  These people really like being in charge.  When my parents lefts I took my donuts and bag of clothes and went to my room (after everything was searched which is a total evasion of privacy).  The prison guards summoned us to art therapy where we proceeded to paint bird houses and a path through life.  It was nice to paint but if I could trade that to leave this building for just five minutes, I would.  I think I am getting cabin fever.  So here I am writing instead of having iPod time.  IPod time is where you get iPods with no internet access and bad games.  Oh yeah!  Did I mention that we are cut off from the outside world?  No electronics aloud.  None.  Zippo.  This is the 21st century!  How many more days until I can escape this place?

I am in my room right now and 21 West is in chaos.  The kid next door Heraldo freaked out and is now strapped to his bed and another boy is throwing stuff.  There are many security guards and I do not feel safe.  This is the second time that they have come – the first was because a girl was upset (aka. Tantrum)  I am so scared and Alaska and I are in our room listening by the door trying to find out what is going on.  People are crying, there are sounds like handcuffs or chains, and voices are just getting louder.  Heraldo has a sheet over his head and he is screaming for them to get off of him.  I am writing this as this is happening so this might not make too much sense.  Alaska is on the floor crying and we are both wondering why we are here.  There is a guy with a mask and they are calling for more guards.
Alaska and I just talked to a nurse because we were freaking out.  She told us that Heraldo and the other guy do this a lot and that they like provoking the workers.  I cannot believe that this is happening right now.  Presently the two boys are yelling to each other.  They are cursing, yelling, talking about breaking out, etc.  Though the nurses have assured us that we are safe I am still scared because Alaska and my room is the closest to theirs.  I do not think that we are going to get much sleep tonight.  These boys are completely disgusting.  I am just going to keep writing because this has to be documented.  They are about to turn the lights out because it is 11:00pm but I just want to say: I hope that I get better soon because I do not think that I can stay here much longer.
